feat(source): add support for ingress backed GlooEdge Gateway (#5909)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/annotations/annotations.md

## external-dns.alpha.kubernetes.io/ingress

This annotation allows ExternalDNS to work with Istio/GlooEdge Gateways that don't have a public IP.

> It can be used to address a specific architectural pattern, when a Kubernetes Ingress directs all public traffic to the Istio/GlooEdge Gateway:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be used to address a specific architectural pattern, when a Kubernetes Ingress directs all public traffic to an Istio or GlooEdge Gateway:
```

## external-dns.alpha.kubernetes.io/ingress

This annotation allows ExternalDNS to work with Istio/GlooEdge Gateways that don't have a public IP.

It can be used to address a specific architectural pattern, when a Kubernetes Ingress directs all public traffic to the Istio/GlooEdge Gateway:

- **The Challenge**: By default, ExternalDNS sources the public IP address for a DNS record from a Service of type LoadBalancer.
However, in some setups, the Gateway's Service is of type ClusterIP, with all public traffic routed to it via a separate Kubernetes Ingress object. This setup leaves the Gateway without a public IP that ExternalDNS can discover.

> - **The Solution**: The annotation on the Istio/GlooEdge Gateway tells ExternalDNS to ignore the Gateway's Service IP. Instead, it directs ExternalDNS to a specified Ingress resource to find the target LoadBalancer IP address.

Author: I added our use case
